# second entry

This entry is for 3d enclosure part. Actualy it was hard. very hard.
I chose onShape because previously have worked with it. But, I don't is it my laptop getting laggy , so that even browser is getting slow, so it was high cortisol task :(

First I followed guide made enclosure little bit bigger than pcb to keep spacefor printer inaccuracy 4 mm.
My pcb is 8 and 10cm, so ass guide write it must be at max 20x10x10. So I had to made sure the 8cm part shouldnt be more than 10. Also for clear visibilite and test I imported the pcb with all 3d models to onShape from KiCad, I suppose it was amazing desicion. It indeed helped when designing the typeC port and knob for encoder.

I used some website also showed in the guide to genereate dxf file for me, so I extruded it from there. Should have been easiest part, but at first I messed up with location of switches itself so Had to calibrate offset.

The knob part was too easy actually. Just cylynder with hole for encoder. It was boring, so I searched for way to add texture on knob. And learned about knurling. That was the interesting part, and most laggy part. my bad internet connection + laggy laptop made it the longest part, when it tried to render 36 element consisting sweep in cylinder in both direction.

Another hard part for me was assembly part to see how all together would look like. I used fastened mates for that, but I am not sure why I kept messing up, it was hard to just put them together. But after dedicated time I got satisfiable result. Didn't want to stay to long in this part, so moved.

The display part and little holes for indicators was easy to do, I aligned with pcb model actually I suppose it was good.
I wanted to add a lot of text actually. But for each text I had to make one sketch, and it was too much time. Not sure why that happened, but i added only few texts. and mention hack club of course :)

That is how I made that 3d enclosure part.