The QMK firmware

#Third Entry

The worst and most unclear part I've countered.

The only thing guide has is just link to documentation, which was so unclear.
Because document had so many thing toolbox, cli, msys, something for advanced users, I didn't know even where to start.

I tried to read, I got confused and searched for the youtube. Saw some people, but they wrote to some keyboard on different microcontroller, and to be honest they were also unclear.
So, again came to documentation tried to follow getting started and setup parts, but still couldn't get sense of it. 
So, I opened github of the example orpheusPAD, and get some sense of what to write. Still I saw only result not the way how to start. So, I decided to use AI. 
It actually helped a lot, I installed the QMK MSYS and setted up and created new keyboard there.

Then, again opened documentation and went to section using QMK part.
Get basic sense and skimmed through the keycodes out there. My laptop doesnt have the numbers section in the right side, and I thought it will be handy, especially when I write with my native language. Because when I do that the numbers are top are not printing numbers but lnaguage specific letters, So i can write button. so it was easy, just KC_1-9,

Encoder and LEDs I am not sure if this correct. I didnt want to just copy from github of example, and just tried to write how it should work after skimming the documentation. Encoder will change volume and led will be always red. and Oled display will shows if caps lock pressed, my laptop doesnt have indicator and sometimes it is disturbing.
as i dont have macropad in hand right now, I have no motivation to experiment, as I can't even check.
But when I actually get it I am definitely improve QMK.
1. I want to exact LED light when button is pressed. 
2. Also, same when encoder gets rotated they leds under it should glow.
3. Finally, I want it glow when caps lock state changes